[RFC] Alpha (#1)
spike-js/rfcs: architecture/alpha.md

  - It should be built on web standards, so that the tooling never dies.
  - It should handle changing tides without breaking. `ekipse` relies on as few dependencies as possible, and the user never manages those dependencies.
  - It should be designed to allow changing dependencies, without the user noticing an API change. We deal with the pain of dependency management, not our users. 
- **Documentation over code contribution**:
  - Problems solved outside of `ekipse`'s wheelhouse with `ekipse` should not become code; they should become content.
- **Come as you are, and grow beyond**:
  - `ekipse` asks people to come as they are, and write simple web standard code to build a website.
  - When someone's ability grows beyond `ekipse`'s built-in capabilities, we offer an escape hatch, instead of leaving them hanging out to dry.

## Scope

For the purposes of the alpha, `ekipse` is/will:

- Closed to modification and extension, but open to ejection or forking
- Built on modern web standards, no pre-compiling:
  - ES6 JS, polyfilled with `esbuild` according to a `browserslist` config in `package.json`
  - Modern CSS, polyfilled with `postcss` and `postcss-preset-env`

>   - Modern HTML, with templating powered under the hood by `reshape` and `reshape-standards`

Reviewer: `reshape-standard`  may be replaced with something simpler, right now it uncludes a few plugins that may be considered out of scope for the project, namely: `sugarml` parser, `reshape-content` (for `.md`), and `reshape-retext`

Author: ```suggestion
  - Modern HTML, with templating powered under the hood by `reshape` and a few built-in reshape plugins for templating
  - expressions
  - data injection via a reserved constant
  - one-way includes w/ variables
```
